iConference2019 
================

### Towards More Reproducible Data Wrangling with OpenRefine


Overview
========




Prototype
=========



Run prototype on your own computer
----------------------------------

To take advantage of all of the sub-systems in the prototype, you need install the software on your computer

### 1. Check installed version of Python

This prototype requires Python version 2.7. To determine the version of Python installed on your computer use the version option to the python command. For example,


     $ python 
      Python 2.7.10 (default, Jul 15 2017, 17:16:57) 
      [GCC 4.2.1 Compatible Apple LLVM 9.0.0 (clang-900.0.31)] on darwin
      Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
      >>>
      
Instructions for installing Python may be found at **[Python Download Website](https://www.python.org/downloads/)**.

### 2. Project directory layout

The directories and the descriptions are listed below:

Directory                             | Description
--------------------------------------|-----------
OR_Client_Library                     | The OpenRefine Python Client Library provides an interface to communicating with an [OpenRefine](http://openrefine.org/) server.
CLOPER&ERRR/Dataset                   | Input "messy" dataset csv file.
CLOPER&ERRR/Enhanced_JSON             | Enhanced Recipe generated by CLOPER system.
CLOPER&ERRR/OR_JSON                   | Native OR Recipe generated by OpenRefine server.
CLOPER&ERRR/OutputDataset             | Ouput "clean(ed)" dataset aftering running enhanced recipe.
CLOPER&ERRR/CLOPER.py                 | Command Line OpenRefine Prototype for Enhanced Recipe.
CLOPER&ERRR/ERRR.py                   | Enhanced Recipe Re-Runner.
CLOPER&ERRR/OpenRefineOperations.py   | Communicate with OR-client library and provides a list of operations to CLOPER and ERRR.
CLOPER&ERRR/Reproducibility.sh        | Bash file for testing the reproducibility of ERRR

   
